One additional technique that you will find useful
for exploring your data is feature engineering.
In feature engineering, you create
new variables as functions of existing variables in your data.
As an example, let's say that we have
some summary statistics for the number of crimes that occurred in four different regions.
This initial bar chart suggests that the east region has the highest incidence of crime.
However, this doesn't take into account
the population for each region which can be seen in this chart.
The east region also has the highest population.
The higher number of crimes may simply be
a natural correlation with the number of people.
We should compute a ratio between these two variables,
such as the number of crimes per 100,000 people.
If we create this variable and then generate a new chart,
we can see that the North region has the highest crime rate.